Mama...
Mama's here.
Really?
There's no mistake.
Um...
This player ID is Mama's.
Her coordinates are right above us!
Kirito-kun—
Wait!
Kirito-kun!
Kirito-kun, why are you so desperate?
Is the person at the top of
Yggdrasil that important to you?
Watch out, Kirito-kun!
The barrier's right above you!
Kirito-kun!
Stop!
Quit it, Kirito-kun!
It's impossible!
This is as high as you can go!
I have to continue.
I have to get up there.
Mama, it's me.
Mama!
These feelings I had buried are crying out.
kakushiteta kanjou ga himei wo ageteru
I'll hold on to these steadfast vows.
tashikana chikai wo te ni
Seeking but a miracle,
kiseki dake wo motome
I wander in the unrelenting darkness
kienai yami wo samayou
If I remain here, I'll only be trapped in the present.
doko ni ireba nidoto mirai miru koto dekinai
The moon beckons again tonight,
koyoi mo tsuki ga sasotte
and while I still can't voice my feelings,
mada kotoba dasenai kedo
I continue to scream inside my heart.
kokoro no naka sakebitsuzuketa
These feelings I had buried are crying out.
kakushiteta kanjou ga himei wo ageteru
I'll hold on to these steadfast vows.
tashikana chikai wo te ni
If only I could have become a little bit stronger,
ato honno sukoshi dake tsuyoku nareta nara
I would have flown far above these skies
me no mae ni aru kono sora koete yuku kara
and reached out to the future beyond here.
kono saki ni aru mirai ni te wo nobasu kara
Mama...
Mama.
Y-Yui-chan,
is that you?
Mama! Mama!
I'm right here.
I'm up here.
I'm up here, Yui-chan!
Kirito-kun!
Something...
Something that I can drop from here...
What the heck is this?!
I tried to call her using Warning Mode, but...
What's that?
A card?
Leafa, do you know what this is?
No, I've never seen an item like that before.
There's no item window for it.
This...
This contains an access code
for System Administrators.
Then can we use this to exercise GM authority?
No.
To do that from inside the game would
require a corresponding console.
Even I can't bring up the system menu.
I see.
But... there has to be a reason why this fell down.
This is probably...
Yes!
I think Mama heard me and dropped it.
Asuna...
Leafa, I have a question.
Where's the gate that leads into Yggdrasil?
Um, it's inside the dome at the tree's base.
B-But you won't be able to get in!
It's protected by guardians which even
the largest raid parties couldn't get past!
Even so, I have to go.
Thank you for everything up until now.
From here on out, I'll continue alone.
Kirito-kun...
Let's get going then.
Sounds good.
Wh-What the...?
Some sort of event?
Yui, do you know the way to the dome?
Yes, if you go up the stairs ahead of us, it'll be—
B-But are you sure about this, Papa?
Judging by what we've learned so far, breaking
through the gate will be quite a difficult feat.
We'll have to see that for ourselves.
Even if we fail, there's no death penalty here.
That's true, but...
And besides, if I were to waste another
second doing nothing, I'd lose my mind.
You want to see Mama soon too, right?
Yes.
You who has yet to experience the heights of the sky...
Do you seek passage to the king's castle?
Wait for me, Asuna.
I'll be there soon.
Then prove you are worthy of soaring
the skies with those wings you bear.
Here we go, Yui.
Make sure to keep your head down.
Papa, good luck.
Here I go!
Out of my way!
I can do this!
Die.
Die!
Asuna...
Asu—
Just...
Just a bit further...
I'm...
dead, huh?
This world...
A part of me believed it was just a game.
Is this my punishment for that?
After all, my strength...
only amounts to skills and stat points.
I thought I could overcome this game's boundaries...
and my limits, so I could do anything.
A game where your life isn't on the line is a piece of cake.
Asuna...
No...
Stay away!
Kirito-kun!
Kirito-kun...
Kirito-kun.
Thank you, Leafa.
I-It's nothing...
But don't do something so reckless.
I'm fine on my own.
I don't want to cause you any more trouble.
Trouble?!
I...
Kirito-kun?
W-Wait!
Going alone is suicide!
That... may be so.
It is! So—
But I have to go.
Just...
Just stop already.
Go back to being your usual self.
I...
Kirito-kun, I...
Leafa.
Sorry.
If I don't go there, nothing can end... or begin.
I have to see her.
Once more...
See Asuna again...
What...
What did you just say?
Yeah, Asuna...
That's the name of the person I'm looking for.
But...
That means...
That person is...
Onii-chan, is that you?
Sugu?
Suguha?
This is cruel.
It's just too much.
This...
S-Sugu?
Sugu!
Sugu, can we talk?
Stop!
Don't come in.
Give me some time alone.
What's wrong, Sugu?
Well, I was surprised too.
If you're mad that I used the
NerveGear again, I apologize.
But there was no way around it.
No.
That's not it.
That's not...
Sugu?
I...
betrayed my feelings!
I betrayed my love for you.
To forget everything and give it all up,
I decided to love Kirito-kun instead.
No... I already did!
But...
Despite that...
L-Love?
But we're...
I know.
I know already!
The two of us aren't real siblings!
I've known about it for two years now.
You quit kendo and started avoiding me because
you knew about it the whole time, right?
You were distancing yourself because
I'm not your real sister, right?!
So...
So why are you being nice to me now?!
I... was happy when you came back from SAO.
You were nice to me like when we
were little, so I was really happy.
I thought you were finally accepting me.
I really did.
But...
If this was going to happen, it'd have
been better if you stayed distant!
If you had...
I wouldn't have realized my feelings for you,
or been pained by those feelings
after learning about Asuna-san.
I wouldn't have tried to forget about you
by falling in love with Kirito-kun either!
I'm sorry.
Just... leave me alone.
Sugu...
Higher and higher, I stretch out my hands
takaku takaku kono te wo nobashite
and pray once more, "Someday, someday."
kitto kitto tte mou ichido negau kara
My endless feelings are lost
tomedonai omoi wa
in these ordinary days.
nichijou ni nomarete
They waver and change shape yet again.
yurameki nagara mata katachi wo kaeteitta
I wonder if I'm too late,
imasara mou osoi kana
but there's no answer in sight.
henji mo nai jimonjitou
Every decision is up to me,
subete wa sou jibun shidai
whether it's the beginning or the end.
owari mo hajimari mo
Higher and higher, I stretch out my hands.
takaku takaku kono te wo nobashite
Flying towards the gentle light, I flap my wings.
yasashii hikari wo mezashite habatakuyo
I embrace the passion
kokoro ni tomoshita
that flared up in my heart
jounetsu mo daite
and pray once more, "Someday, someday."
kitto kitto tte mou ichido negau kara